I'm now going to cover a topic that does come up in a few tricky exam questions.
So what we have here on the screen is we have a Kinesis data stream, and within that stream we have
Shahd.
So we have four shots on the left.
We have some producers and these two instances in this example.
And on the right we have some two instances that are consuming from our stream.
And each of those has a coworker.
So the Kinesis Klein library.
And you can connect from each of these workers into a separate shard.
So what I want to cover is partition keys in ordering.
So when your instance places its records onto a stream, it wants to specify a particular shard.
And to do that, you use the record API and you use the partition key to specify which guard you want
to place your record on.
So easy to instance one might use to partition key for the first shard and then it might use the partition
key for the second shot.
And you now have records can placed onto different shards.
You might then have instance five placing a record in the queue or on the Shard and then instanced to.
Now, one of the things I haven't mentioned is which one of these will be processed first.
Now, that's really up to your consumers, but also it's up to what's in the queue and which one comes
out first.
You can't guarantee ordering between two different shards.
But when we place additional records into the stream, so here we two instance one has placed an additional
record onto a shard within the Shard, the order will be maintained and we could then add additional
records.
And we know these two are going to have the same order maintained and so on.
So that's just a quick example to show you.
And just try and remember, for the exam, you might see some wording in the exam answers where you
need to determine which answer is correct by understanding the fact that the order is maintained for
records.
We've been assured.
Now, sometimes those exam questions might also have asked us.
Now ask us does not guarantee order for standard cues.
So ask us does guarantee the order when you use the fifth, the first in, first out here, but otherwise
it doesn't.
So remember the difference there of one answer says a US standard.
Q And another is Kinesis data streams using partition keys.
You know that we've been assured the order is going to be maintained.
So if that's required by the question, that could be the correct answer.